movie_id,title,plot
1,The Matrix,"A computer hacker discovers the reality is a simulation controlled by machines."
2,Inception,"A thief who enters dreams must plant an idea in a target's subconscious."
3,Titanic,"A love story on the doomed Titanic ship's maiden voyage."
4,Interstellar,"Explorers travel through a wormhole to save humanity."
5,The Godfather,"The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control to his son."
6,The Dark Knight,"Batman faces the Joker, a criminal mastermind causing chaos in Gotham."
7,Pulp Fiction,"Stories of crime interwoven in Los Angeles."
8,The Shawshank Redemption,"Two imprisoned men bond over several years, finding solace and redemption."
9,Forrest Gump,"Life story of a man with a low IQ who witnesses and influences key historical events."
10,Gladiator,"A former Roman General seeks revenge after his family is murdered."
11,The Avengers,"Earth's mightiest heroes team up to save the world from an alien invasion."
12,Avatar,"A paraplegic marine dispatched to Pandora becomes torn between orders and protecting the world."
13,Jurassic Park,"Scientists clone dinosaurs to populate a theme park which soon turns deadly."
14,The Lion King,"A young lion prince flees his kingdom only to learn the true meaning of responsibility."
15,Star Wars,"A farm boy joins the Rebel Alliance to fight against the evil Galactic Empire."
16,Harry Potter,"A young wizard discovers his magical heritage and attends a school of witchcraft."
17,The Silence of the Lambs,"A young FBI trainee seeks help from a cannibalistic serial killer to catch another murderer."
18,Back to the Future,"A teenager travels back in time and must ensure his parents fall in love."
19,Finding Nemo,"A clownfish searches for his lost son across the ocean."
20,The Terminator,"A cyborg assassin is sent back to kill the mother of a future resistance leader."
21,The Prestige,"Two rival magicians engage in a dangerous competition to create the ultimate illusion."
22,Inglourious Basterds,"A group of soldiers plot to assassinate Nazi leaders in occupied France."
23,The Departed,"An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other."
24,The Social Network,"The story of the founding of Facebook and the resulting legal battles."
25,Guardians of the Galaxy,"A group of intergalactic criminals must work together to save the universe."
26,Deadpool,"A former special forces operative becomes a mercenary with accelerated healing powers."
27,Black Panther,"A prince returns home to take his rightful place as king and defend his nation."
28,The Wolf of Wall Street,"A stockbroker rises to power through crime and corruption."
29,La La Land,"A jazz musician and an aspiring actress fall in love in Los Angeles."
30,The Grand Budapest Hotel,"The adventures of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel."
31,Shutter Island,"A U.S. Marshal investigates a psychiatric facility on an isolated island."
32,The Hobbit,"A hobbit goes on a quest to reclaim a lost kingdom from a dragon."
33,Coco,"A boy embarks on a journey to the Land of the Dead to discover his family's history."
34,The Incredibles,"A family of superheroes try to live a quiet suburban life."
35,Wonder Woman,"An Amazon princess leaves her island to fight in World War I."
36,Spider-Man,"A teenager gains spider-like abilities and fights crime in New York City."
37,The Jungle Book,"A boy raised by wolves embarks on adventures in the jungle."
38,The Martian,"An astronaut stranded on Mars struggles to survive and communicate with Earth."
39,Fight Club,"An insomniac forms an underground fight club that evolves into something bigger."
40,Gravity,"Two astronauts struggle to survive after their shuttle is destroyed."
41,The Lion King 2,"The son of Simba faces new challenges as king."
42,Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2,"The team fights new threats while uncovering Peter Quill's origins."
43,Wonder,"A boy with facial differences attends school for the first time."
44,Moana,"A young girl sets sail on a daring voyage to save her people."
45,The Hunger Games,"A girl volunteers to participate in a deadly televised competition."
46,Toy Story,"Toys come to life when humans aren't around."
47,Despicable Me,"A villain adopts three girls and discovers a new side of himself."
48,Inside Out,"Emotions personified guide a girl through a life change."
49,Frozen,"Two sisters must save their kingdom from eternal winter."
50,Black Swan,"A ballerina struggles with the pressures of her leading role."
51,The Shining,"A family stays in an isolated hotel with a terrifying history."
52,The Godfather Part II,"The continuing saga of the Corleone crime family."
53,Django Unchained,"A freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a plantation owner."
54,The Big Lebowski,"A laid-back bowler gets caught in a kidnapping plot."
55,The Matrix Reloaded,"The battle between humans and machines intensifies."
56,The Matrix Revolutions,"The final showdown in the war for humanity's future."
57,Mad Max: Fury Road,"In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrant."
58,Interstellar 2,"The explorers return to face new cosmic challenges."
59,The Avengers: Endgame,"The Avengers assemble for their final battle against Thanos."
60,Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3,"The team confronts past demons and new threats."
61,The Dark Knight Rises,"Batman returns to save Gotham from a new menace."
62,Star Trek,"A new generation of explorers sets off on a mission to the stars."
63,Iron Man,"A billionaire builds a high-tech suit to become a superhero."
64,Captain America,"A super-soldier fights for justice during World War II."
65,Thor,"The Norse god of thunder is banished to Earth."
66,Black Widow,"A spy confronts her past and a dangerous conspiracy."
67,Doctor Strange,"A surgeon learns mystical arts to save the world."
68,Ant-Man,"A thief gains the power to shrink and fights crime."
69,The Flash,"A man gains super-speed to fight evil."
70,Aquaman,"The king of Atlantis defends his underwater kingdom."
71,Justice League,"Heroes unite to save Earth from an alien threat."
72,Deadpool 2,"The merc with a mouth assembles a team to protect a young mutant."
73,Logan,"An aging Wolverine protects a young mutant girl."
74,X-Men,"Mutants fight for acceptance and survival."
75,Fantastic Beasts,"Magical creatures cause chaos in 1920s New York."
76,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,"A young wizard begins his magical education."
77,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets,"The wizard school faces a dark threat."
78,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban,"Harry uncovers secrets about his past."
79,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,"A dangerous tournament tests young wizards."
80,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,"Harry fights against a dark wizard's return."
81,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince,"Dark secrets unfold in the wizarding world."
82,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,"The final battle for the wizarding world."
83,The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring,"A hobbit begins a quest to destroy a powerful ring."
84,The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers,"The quest continues amid growing danger."
85,The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King,"The final battle to save Middle-earth."
86,Star Wars: The Force Awakens,"A new hero rises to fight the dark side."
87,Star Wars: The Last Jedi,"The resistance fights to survive against the First Order."
88,Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker,"The final confrontation between good and evil."
89,Jurassic World,"A dinosaur theme park faces chaos after a new attraction breaks loose."
90,Transformers,"Robots disguised as vehicles battle on Earth."
91,Avatar 2,"The journey continues in Pandora's oceans."
92,Black Panther: Wakanda Forever,"The nation of Wakanda faces new threats."
93,Spider-Man: Homecoming,"A young Spider-Man balances life and heroism."
94,Spider-Man: Far From Home,"Spider-Man faces new villains on a European trip."
95,Spider-Man: No Way Home,"Spider-Man deals with the multiverse consequences."
96,Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness,"Doctor Strange explores alternate realities."
97,Thor: Ragnarok,"Thor must stop the destruction of his home world."
98,Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 4,"The team embarks on a new cosmic adventure."
99,Ant-Man and the Wasp,"Ant-Man teams up with the Wasp for a new mission."
100,Shang-Chi,"A martial artist confronts his past and embraces his destiny."

This project uses a content-based filtering recommender system. It analyzes the features of movies, such as plot descriptions, by converting the text data into numerical vectors and calculating the similarity between them. The system recommends movies with similar content to those the user has shown interest in. Content-based filtering does not rely on other users' behavior or ratings, making it suitable for cold-start scenarios. However, its recommendations may be limited in diversity since they focus on similar content.
